Elad improvements (#2)
LumosO11y/ObservabilityOnboarding: learning/observability/part4.md

1. Explain the difference between SLI, SLO, SLA, their relation and how observability helps with either of them
	- explain in depth the importance of each

> 2. What are KPIs? How do they relate to SLI, SLO and SLA? How does it differ from SLI, SLO, and SLA ?

Reviewer: Relation is both the similarities and the differences...

3. What are golden signals? Explain each one of them.
4. Explain the differences between Synthetic monitoring & RUM, where they differ and not.

> 5. Explain what is Session Relay. How it does it help up acheive monitoring ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Explain what is Session Replay. How it does it help up achieve monitoring?
```

5. Choose 4 features that RUM has and explain their usage and how they take place in the real-world.
6. What is MTTD and MTTR?
7. What are alerts, why are they important? What is an alert manager?

> 8. List 2 more insights Observability gives your system and explain them (Regarding SLA, SLO, SLI, KPIßß)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. List 2 more insights Observability gives your system and explain them.
```

> 9. Provide a list of at least 3 on-prem observability solutions and 3 cloud-native observability solutions today with comparison. (Read about the grafana stack backend)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Provide a list of at least 3 on-prem observability solutions and 3 cloud observability solutions that exist today with comparison. (Read about the grafana stack)
```
